Version :1.0.5
Size :13.87MB
Updated :2014-04-28
Requirements:Android2.3
Author :Tapps - Top Apps and Games
Price :Free
Description

Put your gloves on and step inside the arena because it’s time for the big fight of the night! The Ultimate Fighting Bros are ready for a big fighting show! Choose to play the single or multiplayer mode and get ready for some hard-to-beat fun time. Can you win this epic combat? Find out now!
"Ultimate Fighting Bros is a great game for all fans of MMA fights like on UFC!" -- Jon Silva
HOW TO PLAY 
Each fight is a best-of-three playoff and fighters have 3 lives during each round. Climb the walls of the arena and use strategy to grab your opponent from above and tackle him down, taking a life. A round ends when one of the fighters runs out of lives.
POWER MATCHES 
Unlock the Power Version to gain access to the unbeatable Power Matches of the Ultimate Fighting Bros. During Power Matches, several items might show up during the fights, making them much more exciting and unpredictable.
Some of the Power Matches items: 
• Health - Pick to recover lives 
• Freeze - Makes the walls slippery 
• Electrify - Electrifies the floor and fighters lose a life on contact 
• Blackout - Turns the lights off until the next hit
HIGHLIGHTS 
• Fun game inspired by Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) 
• Single and multiplayer mode: play against the device or against a friend 
• Easy but challenging gameplay 
• Power Version with awesome special items and powers
Recommended for people who enjoy martial arts such as Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Freestyle Wrestling, Judo, Karate, Boxing, Kickboxing, Muay Thai, Tae Kwon Do, Jeet Kune Do, Sanshou or Sanda.
Please note! This game is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. Some features and extras mentioned in the description may also have to be purchased for real money.
---- More Games by Tapps Games ----
+ Arcade Games - Honey Battle, Balloon Party, Hamster Roll, Bubble Dragon, High School Fighter
+ Action Games - Jailbreak!, Robot Gangster Rampage, Ninja Nights, Jailbreak!
+ Adventure Games - Run Tappy Run, Tappy Escape, Macho Dash, Dino Quest
+ Puzzle Games - Number Link, Magic Match 3, Magic Cats, Color Flow, Temple Minesweeper
+ Kids Games - My Virtual Pet, My Virtual Cat, My Boo, My Doll House, My Sandwich Shop, Animal Line Crossing