ÍÌIersion :1.5.2
Size :35.61MB
Updated :2013-12-05
Requirements:Android2.2
Author :Rovio Mobile Ltd.
Price :Free



Description

From the creators of Angry Birds: an all new game from the PIGSí point of view! IGN's "Best Mobile Game of 2012" Winner! "Extremely fun and very challenging" -- Kotaku ìThe best title Rovio has released yetî - IGN ì4/4 - Must Haveî -- Slide to Play "Bad Piggies is awesome, and needs to be a part of your iOS game collection just as much as the rest of the Angry Birds seréÇl" - Touch Arcade "If you canít enjoy watching a pig drive a badly constructed car off a cliff and onto a pile of dynamite, you probably donít have a soul." - Yahoo/BGR Create the ultimate flying/crawling/rolling/spinning/crashing device and pilot the pigs safely to the eggs! The Bad Piggies are after the eggs again -- but as usual, nothing is going according to plan! Can you create the ultimate flying machine and steer them safely to their destination? Those tricky pigs have a few objects they can use, bíì?they need your help to turn these into the perfect transportation! With more than 170 levels, and free updates coming up, you have hours and hours of pig-crashing, exploding, and flying fun! Get three stars to unlock 36 more levels! HINT: Sometimes you need to play the level several times to achieve all the objectives -- try building a new device or steering in a different way to earn all the stars! Features ? 170 levels crammed with flying/driving/crashing fun! ? 36 additional levels unlocked by getting«ìwree stars! ? 8 sandbox levels to stretch your creativity! ? Ultra-special, ultra-secret, ultra-difficult sandbox level to unlock by collecting ten skulls! ? 36 objects to create the ultimate machine: motors, wings, fans, bottle rockets, umbrellas, balloons, and much more! Mechanic Pig ? Need help? This little piggy will build it for you! ? Mechanic pig pre-assemble
transport for you! ? All you have to do is pilot it! ? Tweak his design to get all three stars! Get ready to see pigs fly! This free version«ày Bad Piggies contains third party advertisements. Please see our privacy policy for additional information. This application may require internet connectivity and subsequent data transfer charges may apply. Become a fan of Bad Piggies on Facebook: http://facebook.com/badpiggies Follow us on Twitter: http://twitter.com/badpiggies Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eula Privacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacy Important Message for Parents This game may include: - Direct links to social networking webséìzs that are intended for an audience over the age of 13. - Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page. - Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners. - The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand.