1. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS

a. Welcome to Yahoo. Yahoo provides Yahoo Mail and Yahoo Messenger (the “Services”), all of which are subject to the terms and conditions of this Additional Terms of Service (“ATOS”) and the applicable Yahoo Universal Terms of Service (“TOS”) in Section 10, which is incorporated into this ATOS. In this ATOS, “Yahoo” or “Applicable Yahoo Company” means the Yahoo company that provides you with the Services as set out in Section 10. Your use of the Services constitutes acceptance of and is subject to this ATOS and the law specified by the Applicable Yahoo Company in Section 10. This ATOS may be updated by Yahoo from time to time without individual notice to you. The prior sentence does not apply to you if Yahoo Deutschland GmbH, Theresienhöhe 12, 80339 München (“Yahoo Deutschland“) provides you with your Yahoo Mail account. You can review the most current version of this ATOS and the TOS by clicking the applicable links in Section 10. 

b. “Yahoo Messenger” as used in this ATOS means Yahoo Messenger. 

c. Please note that your Yahoo Messenger account is tied to your Yahoo Mail account. Therefore, your use of Yahoo Messenger and all Yahoo Messenger services will be subject to the TOS and laws applicable to the Applicable Yahoo Company in Section 10. Yahoo’s automated systems scan and analyze all incoming and outgoing communications content sent and received from your account (such as Mail and Messenger content including instant messages and SMS messages) including those stored in your account to, without limitation, provide personally relevant product features and content, to match and serve targeted advertising and for spam and malware detection and abuse protection. By scanning and analyzing such communications content, Yahoo collects and stores the data. Unless expressly stated otherwise, you will not be allowed to opt out of this feature. If you consent to this ATOS and communicate with non-Yahoo users using the Services, you are responsible for notifying those users about this feature.

d. By accessing, using and continuing to use the Services, you represent and warrant that you are permitted to do so under applicable law. You are solely responsible for using the Services in compliance with any and all applicable law. If you are in a jurisdiction where download or use of the Services is prohibited or restricted or if you are below the applicable legal age required to use the Services, click “cancel” and do not download or use the Services. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Services shall be subject to this ATOS, which you agree to by continued use of the Services. The prior sentence does not apply to you if Yahoo Deutschland provides you with your Yahoo Mail account.